Flex Gateway Get Well: Migrate RTM pages (#211)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-delete.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:page-aliases: runtime-manager::flex-gateway-delete.adoc
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

To delete a gateway and its replicas in Runtime Manager:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.

> . Select *Flex Gateway* in the left menu.

Reviewer: Try not to use "left" because it is non-accessible. Maybe you can refer to this menu as "the navigation menu."

Author: Fixed

> . Click the action menu button for the gateway you want to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the action menu button for the gateway that you want to delete.
```

> . Click Delete gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Delete gateway*.
```

> If there are APIs associated to the gateway you want to delete, Runtime Manager displays a message prompting you to either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are APIs associated with the gateway you want to delete, Runtime Manager displays a message that prompts you to either:
```

> * Move the associated APIs to another gateway; or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Move the associated APIs to another gateway.
```

Reviewer: You don't need "or" because you have "either" in the lead-in.

* Delete all associated APIs.

> Once you have moved or deleted all the associated APIs, follow the steps previously described to delete a gateway and confirm the deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you moved or deleted all the associated APIs, follow the steps previously described to delete a gateway and confirm the deletion.
```

== Flex Gateway Status

> The following table describes the meaning of each status for a gateway:

Reviewer: Suggest: "of each gateway status."

Author: Fixed

[%header,cols="20a,50a"]
|===
|Status Name |Description

> |Connected |Gateway is connected to the platform and you can add APIs to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Connected |Gateway is connected to the platform, and you can add APIs to it.
```

|Disconnected |Gateway is not connected to the platform.
|Deleting | Gateway is in the process of being deleted.

> |Deleted | Gateway is deleted from the platform, it stops accepting API requests and configuration changes, and stops reporting metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Deleted | Gateway was deleted from the platform. It stops accepting API requests and configuration changes, and stops reporting metrics.
```

|===

> Deleted gateways are shown with status **Deleted** for 30 days before it is removed from the gateways list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleted gateways are shown with status `Deleted` for 30 days before the status is removed from the gateways list.
```

[NOTE]

> If you delete a gateway, you lose all its configuration history and will not be able to recover it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete a gateway, you lose its configuration history and cannot recover it.
```
